Boa Constructor is a cross platform Python IDE, wxPython GUI Builder and Zope IDE. 
It was inspired by the Delphi IDE, is written in Python and uses the wxPython 
library which wraps wxWidgets.

For wxPython it offers a GUI Designer for visual frame creation and manipulation 
with an object Inspector for managing properties.
Most of the wxPython library is supported and available for creation from the 
Palette.

There are also many views on the source, like object browsers, inheritance 
hierarchies, doc string generated html documentation, todo lists, simple UML 
views, a regular expression editor and more.
The Python code editor has many features like code completion, parameter
call tips, code transformations and code templates.

It has an out-of-process debugger with standard features like breakpoints,
watches and interactive inspection with the shell. 
There are also more advanced features like remote debugging and debugging threads.

The IDE has been translated to Afrikaans, Chinese, French, German, Italian, 
Brazillian Portugese and Spanish.
Internationalization of your own projects is also supported in the Designer.

The transport of files are independent of the filetype. This means that
files can be edited over any of the supported transports like the filesystem,
FTP, SSH and WebDAV. 
Version control is available via a special CVS and SVN transports.

The IDE is built on an extensible framework where new filetypes, controls,
transports and tools can be added as plugins without changing any Boa sources. 
Interfaces of existing filetypes can also be extended with a plugin.

Support for many Python technologies have been integrated in the IDE like 
distutils, py2exe, Zope, BicycleRepairMan (a refactoring browser), PyChecker, 
Pyrex and Cyclops (for finding circular references)

For Zope development it supports object creation and editing, cut, copy, paste, 
import and export. Zope properties can be created and edited in the Inspector.
Many standard Zope objects are supported.
In addition to normal Python debugging of Zope Products debugging Zope Python 
Scripts is also supported.

Although primarily a Python editor, it also supports basic editing for a host 
of other filetypes like text, config files, HTML, XML, C, Java, Pascal and
Help projects.

Almost all of the major features can also be optionally turned off if they
are not needed, for quicker startup and less clutter.
